c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\bin\Debug\WalkThePlank.exe.config
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\bin\Debug\WalkThePlank.exe
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\bin\Debug\WalkThePlank.pdb
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.FormGame.resources
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.exe
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.pdb
c:\users\admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.UserControlAlphabet.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.FormLose.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.FormWin.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.FormHintPictures.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.FormHintPictures1.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.FormHintPictures2.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.FormHintPictures3.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\W-on\Project C#\WalkThePlank\WalkThePlank\obj\Debug\WalkThePlank.FormHintPictures4.resources
